README.md, before:

## Summary
This script converts all or some of the nodes in a node's nodedb into Home
Assistant-compatible MQTT entities (in mqtt.yaml) and device tracker
automations (in automations.yaml).

Connect and generate these files using the script as detailed below, then copy
the resulting files into the corresponding files in Home Assistant.

If you don't have any other MQTT sensors configured in Home Assistant, you can
simply replace the file (make sure that you have `mqtt: !include mqtt.yaml` in
your main `configuration.yaml`); otherwise, copy starting at the second line
and add to the end wherever you have your existing MQTT sensors and match
indentation. With automations.yaml, add the generated automations to the end of
your existing file (but replacing any automations previously generated by this
script).

## Usage
```
usage: entity-builder.py [-h] [--port PORT | --host HOST | --ble BLE]
                         [--gateway GATEWAY] [--root-topic ROOT_TOPIC]
                         [--no-messages] [--no-temperature] [--no-humidity]
                         [--no-pressure] [--gas-resistance] [--power-ch1]
                         [--power-ch2] [--power-ch3] [--nodes [NODES ...]]

options:
  --nodes [NODES ...]   Only generate sensors for these nodes. If not
                        provided, all nodes in the NodeDB will be included.

Help:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit

Connection:
  Optional arguments to specify a device to connect to and how.

  --port PORT           The port to connect to via serial, e.g. `/dev/ttyUSB0`
  --host HOST           The hostname or IP address to connect to using TCP
  --ble BLE             The BLE device address or name to connect to

MQTT:
  Arguments to specify the gateway node and root MQTT topics

  --gateway GATEWAY     The ID of the MQTT gateway node, e.g. !12345678. If
                        not provided, will use the ID of the locally connected
                        node.
  --root-topic ROOT_TOPIC
                        The root topic to use in MQTT for the generated files.
                        If not provided, will attempt to get the root path
                        from the local node and use LongFast as the channel.

Includes:
  Arguments to specify what sensors to generate for each node.

  --no-messages         Don't include a sensor for messages from the node.
  --no-temperature      Don't include a temperature sensor.
  --no-humidity         Don't include a humidity sensor.
  --no-pressure         Don't include a pressure sensor.
  --gas-resistance      Include a gas resistance sensor.
  --power-ch1           Include a power & voltage channel 1 sensor.
  --power-ch2           Include a power & voltage channel 2 sensor.
  --power-ch3           Include a power & voltage channel 3 sensor.

If no connection arguments are specified, we attempt a serial connection and
then a TCP connection to localhost.
```

Commit message:

Update README with new help text

README.md, after:

## Summary
This script converts all or some of the nodes in a node's nodedb into Home
Assistant-compatible MQTT entities (in mqtt.yaml) and device tracker
automations (in automations.yaml).

Connect and generate these files using the script as detailed below, then copy
the resulting files into the corresponding files in Home Assistant.

If you don't have any other MQTT sensors configured in Home Assistant, you can
simply replace the file (make sure that you have `mqtt: !include mqtt.yaml` in
your main `configuration.yaml`); otherwise, copy starting at the second line
and add to the end wherever you have your existing MQTT sensors and match
indentation. With automations.yaml, add the generated automations to the end of
your existing file (but replacing any automations previously generated by this
script).

## Usage
```
usage: entity-builder.py [-h] [--port PORT | --host HOST | --ble BLE]
                         [--gateway GATEWAY] [--root-topic ROOT_TOPIC]
                         [--no-messages] [--no-temperature] [--no-humidity]
                         [--no-pressure] [--gas-resistance] [--power-ch1]
                         [--power-ch2] [--power-ch3]
                         [--nodes [NODES [NODES ...]]]

optional arguments:
  --nodes [NODES [NODES ...]]
                        Only generate sensors for these nodes. If not
                        provided, all nodes in the NodeDB will be included.
                        Example: `"!XXXXXXXX", "!YYYYYYYY"`.

Help:
  -h, --help            Show this help message and exit.

Connection:
  Optional arguments to specify a device to connect to and how.

  --port PORT           The port to connect to via serial, e.g.
                        `/dev/ttyUSB0`.
  --host HOST           The hostname or IP address to connect to using TCP.
  --ble BLE             The BLE device MAC address or name to connect to.

MQTT:
  Arguments to specify the gateway node and root MQTT topics

  --gateway GATEWAY     The ID of the MQTT gateway node, e.g. !12345678. If
                        not provided, will use the ID of the locally connected
                        node.
  --root-topic ROOT_TOPIC
                        The root topic to use in MQTT for the generated files.
                        If not provided, will attempt to get the root path
                        from the local node and use `LongFast` as the channel.
                        Wildcard: `+`. Example: to include all channels with
                        the root topic `msh/`, use `msh/2/json/+`.

Includes:
  Arguments to specify what sensors to generate for each node.

  --no-messages         Don't include a sensor for messages from the node.
  --no-temperature      Don't include a temperature sensor.
  --no-humidity         Don't include a humidity sensor.
  --no-pressure         Don't include a pressure sensor.
  --gas-resistance      Include a gas resistance sensor.
  --power-ch1           Include a power & voltage channel 1 sensor.
  --power-ch2           Include a power & voltage channel 2 sensor.
  --power-ch3           Include a power & voltage channel 3 sensor.

If no connection arguments are specified, we attempt a serial connection and
then a TCP connection to localhost.
```
